NONG PRADU VILLAGE.
NORTHEAST THAILAND
Down!
Quick! Quick!
Up! Up!
Quick!
Quick! Quick!
Hurry! Hurry!
Keep going!
Quick! Quick!
Follow him! Quick!
After him! Quick!
Quick! Now!
Quick! Quick!
Down! Go down!
Here he comes.
Catch him!
God bless him.
Quiet. please!
The winner this year is... young Ting!
Welcome. people of Nong Pradu.
Welcome. all who came
for the presentation of robes
to our revered Ong-Bak.
which is our mind and soul.
This ceremony is a prelude
to the great festival of Ong-Bak
that will commence here in seven days.
And it will be an important ceremony.
which is held
just once every 24 years.
It marks the auspicious completion
of two cycles.
Prosperity will be in our community.
Where's the Buddha amulet?
It shows signs of wear.
The head's slightly chipped.
Hardly perfect condition.
200.000 baht is a good price.
Why won't you sell it?
Come on. Name your price.
Don. it's not for sale.
I've come all the way from Bangkok.
I took time off work.
I never told you I'd sell it.
I'm keeping it for my son. Humlae.
for when he is ordained as a monk
for Ong-Bak.
When you decide to sell. call me.
No. No way.
I don't have a telephone.
I'll give you my address.
When you decide to sell.
write me a letter.
Isn't it nice. Grandma? I want
to give it to Ting when he's ordained.
Nice.
He was born during
the Ong-Bak festival. wasn't he?
Well. if you say so.
Ting had an unfortunate start in life.
He was left at a temple
when he was a baby.
A monk happened to see him.
He took pity on him
and looked after him.
Perhaps he is fortunate
and he is protected by Ong-Bak.
Yan Yothee. (Grounded Feet.)
Jarakae Fad Hang. (Crocodile's Kick.)
Pajon Chang San.
(Great Elephant's Power.)
Hanuman Thawai Waen.
(Great Monkey Offers the Ring.)
Acha Phayong. (Great Horse.)
Khwang Liew Lang. (Great Deer.)
Ongkot Kong Phrakhan. (Giant's Sword.)
Luang Daen Hera. (Great Invader.)
Yotha Kluen Tap. (Prepare for War.)
Kacha Tokman. (Elephant in Season.)
Hakmum Hewarat. (The Cliff is Crumbled.)
Yat Tiem Fa. (Reach for the Sky.)
Kwang Sabat Na. (The Deer's Flick.)
Ramasoon Kwang Kwan. (Giant's Axe.)
Kluen Kratop Fang. (Mad Currents.)
Tapien Fang Tor. (Crumbling Block.)
Khun Dap Jap Ling.
(Giant Catching Monkey.)
Hak Kor Erawan.
(Strangling the Great Elephant.)
Ngoo Lai Tokae. (Snake Chasing Gecko.)
Par Satarn. (Earth Moves.)
Nang Miew. (Wild Cat Fight.)
Khon Rook Khamoon. (Great Lance.)
Hak Narok. (Challenge Hell.)
Yod Yotha. (Confront the Enemy.)
Pamai Thang. (Crushing the Teeth.)
I have taught you the art of Muay Thai.
and passed on the knowledge.
Now I ask you never to use it.
Is that clear. Ting?
Yes. Master.
Good.
It's good that you didn't understand.
Am I right?
In his youth. your master learned
the ancient art of Muay Thai
under the great master Kru Dam.
The master. he was impatient
to try out his skills.
In a rope fist fight.
he killed his opponent.
Overcome with guilt.
he decided to become a monk.
Muay Thai is dangerous.
He doesn't want you fooling around
with it. Is it clear now?
If you're still not convinced...
Come. Fight with me. Ting.
Uncle!
You vandals! What are you doing?
Move it!
That scumbag Don
severed the head of Ong-Bak!
He also stole the poor box. Master.
- Don is such a devil!
- Wicked man.
If we can't recover Ong-Bak's head.
our village is doomed!
Everybody. calm down.
We'll find a way to bring the Buddha's
head back before the great ceremony.
But who will bring it back?
I'll bring it back!
I know where Don lives.
The fate of the whole village
lies in your hands.
This sacred amulet
contains Nilapat herbs.
My grandfather told me
it belonged to Kru Dam.
Keep it close to your heart.
Here's Don's address.
And please give this letter to Humlae.
Ting. be sure to bring Ong-Bak back...
safely home to our village.
Here's some money for food.
All our hopes go with you.
Mother gave me this ring
before she died.
Warn. take care of Grandmother.
Everybody. give what you can.
For the journey.
BANGKOK
Shit. I lost!
Bugger off! Come here!
Who'd you pick to race?
We lost by miles!
What the hell you are talking about?
Win some. lose some!
You're the big boss -
you should be fair.
- You put up a girl against me?
- So I'm a girl. So what?
Do you know who you're talking to?
Shame you don't race
as fast as you talk!
Screw you!
- Hey. why aren't you giving me cash?
- You used speed to bet with.
But you said cash was fine.
OK!
Here's 10.000 baht.
The rest's security on your debts.
I pay you interest every month
and it's not due yet.
Give me some spending money.
- Take it or leave it.
- I guess it's better than nothing.
Hey. give me those.
Fuck's sake! Give them to me.
You got cash.
You can leave me two tabs for my boys.
You guys can score what you need
anytime. anywhere.
Why do you want to take mine?
It's too strong for these pussies.
They might OD. Trust me.
- Give me.
- No!
Shithead!
There you are at last. George.
Quick!
Where's my share?
Quick! I'm in a hurry.
That asshole Peng got wise to our scam.
He kept all the money.
What?
If this is a joke. it's not funny!
Look! Check out my face!
You think I did that to myself.
for Christ's sake?
Hands off! I just got beaten up!
Your bad luck.
How could he tell?
Sod it. Have you got 200 baht?
Hold on! I haven't got my fair share.
Pay up first. borrow later!
Muay. you always take
your share of the dough. every penny.
but never your share of the beatings.
Serves you right. you fool!
Obvious. isn't it?
I messed up. smarty-pants?
Peng has given me three days to pay up
or he'll come after me.
Humlae!
It is you. isn't it?
Greetings!
Muay. is he a friend of yours?
What do you mean?
He's talking to you.
You know this hillbilly?
Don't you remember me?
Ting from Nong Pradu.
Yeah. right! I don't know you.
I don't know you. Got that. sucker?
I remember you. You're Humlae.
What kind of a name is that?
Dumbest name I've ever heard.
- Clear out. before I kick your ass!
- Go easy. Humlae...
Sorry. George. I mean.
You think you know everything?
Go away - as far as you can!
- What was the name of your village?
- Nong Pradu.
Right. Nong Pradu.
I'll go.
I'll leave the Nong Pradu boys to it.
Right?
He shows up and you take off!
Go!
- But leave me some dough.
- Buy yourself some medicine.
See ya. Humlae.
As for you. country boy.
go back where you came from!
Humlae.
your dad gave me a letter for you.
I don't know you. Scram!
This is my room.
Take no notice about earlier.
Close the door.
or it'll be swarming with mosquitoes.
I was out of line.
I was in a bad mood.
Humlae.
our village is in big trouble.
Don and his men stole Ong-Bak's head.
Our headman told me to come
and find you so we could get it back.
- I have Don's address here.
- Save it for later.
Here. dump your gear
and go take a shower. Go on.
Come on. quick! It'll do you good.
Through here.
- Then can we...?
- Later. Here's a towel.
I'll even turn on the light for you.
Go.
Soap's on the left.
toothpaste on the right.
Don't wank. OK?
I don't want you to slip and die.
Hi. is that you. Muay?
Meet me at the Khaosan Road.
Yes. the fight club.
Still time to place a bet on Ali?
Yes.
All of it.
Where's the amulet?
Their pigheaded chief refused to sell.
So I took Ong-Bak's head instead. boss.
He's the village deity. boss.
They revere him.
You wasted your time.
It's a lousy lump of stone.
You're such a jerk!
Get this rock out of my sight...
before I really get mad!
Your boys keep letting you down. huh?
And now Pearl Harbour's going to get
the kamikaze treatment from my boy Ali.
- Haven't got any money yet.
- I'm trying to get it for you.
I don't want your money.
I can find it myself.
Are you pushing drugs these days?
Yes!
You seem very sure of that.
If you think your guy can win.
up the stakes!
Whatever. I have no limit.
Don't argue. You never understand me!
You asshole!
Why do you have to act like this?
Muay. you're not my mother!
It's because you've got no parents
that you're such a loose cannon!
Yes. I'm bad -
but I've looked after you.
From now on. stay away from me.
Just ask whenever you want.
Next fight. if you're still game...
maybe you'd like to up the stakes.
Bastard!
Shit!
- Where's the villagers' money?
- What?
- Where's the money?
- How should I know?
There!
New contender!
Come on. lay your bets!
Three to one. Quick!
Wow! What's country boy
think he's doing?
Yup. we can wave goodbye to Ting.
I'll give you ten to one.
But perhaps you'd better not risk it.
OK. let's up the ante: One million.
I'm in.
I don't want a fight. just my cash.
No sweat. kid. leave it to me.
Fight!
- What's your name. brother?
- Ting. from Nong Pradu village. I'II...
Ting. the Pradu Legend!
No. I just want my money back.
What an idiot!
Hey! Why didn't you take
the dough. lunkhead?
If you want to fight again. let me know.
You're good. you can beat anyone.
I see us getting rich!
Super rich!
I don't fight for money.
What got into you.
stealing the villagers' money?
Not stealing. investing.
When we're rich.
I'll help you find Ong-Bak.
- Really?
- You bet.
Here's Don's address.
Can you take me?
Hold onto it. I'll take you later.
Lend me some now.
I need it.
I'll pay you back when I win.
Then I'll take you anywhere.
I promise. Trust me.
OK. get lost! Shithead!
Stupid country boy!
I was trying to be nice!
Shithead!
If you tell him to sod off.
where's he going to sleep?
Fuck him!
Or do you want him to sleep with you?
You must be joking.
What are we going to do this time?
He'll definitely kill me.
Muay. you flog the speed
at the gambling joint.
We'll split the profit.
We'll get cash. I know the owner well.
You never learn from your mistakes.
I told you I don't want
to get involved with drugs.
Help me. please.
You want me to get beaten up?
Will you help?
All right. but I have to find a good day.
How about tomorrow?
That's what I want. Now I feel good.
No need to look grateful.
I'll take 70. you take 30.
Muay. 50-50!
- 70-30.
- 50-50.
70-30.
"About the loan you asked for
to set up a business in Bangkok -
I can't help you. because
of the severe drought in the village."
"Worse still.
Don stole Ong-Bak's head."
"I want you to help Ting
to get it back to change our fortune."
Numbskulls!
NONG PRADU VILLAGE
Warn. hardly any water is left in the well.
What are we going to do?
God. please help Ting find Ong-Bak.
How's business?
Hey. what's up? Losing?
- Hi. big brother.
- Hi. George.
Where the fuck you been?
- Working with friends.
- I'm short-staffed. Help me. Quick!
- Sorry. I'm busy.
- Don't argue! Now!
- Another time.
- Now! Move it!
Deal.
Get lost. you can't deal.
Old man. bet! At your age.
you should be home looking after kids.
Well. I need pleasure.
- What are you staring at. asshole?
- Go over there!
Time to change the hair colour.
Stop copying my cool image.
Put the money in. Let's see your money.
If you lose. don't kill me.
Don't cheat!
Nine!
Clear winner.
- I lost!
- Deal me in! Quick. Quick.
- Put the money in. Bet now.
- Let me join in.
- You got money?
- 3.000 baht. Enough for you?
Let her play. if she wants to lose.
We'll clean her out like an enema!
- 200.
No cheating!
- Double eight!
- Pay up. everybody!
Rake in the dough. George!
Wait. I have double nine. Pay up.
Damn! Here's 400 baht.
- Thanks. big boss.
- Put the money in.
- The house has a six. Shit!
- I have a nine.
Triple eight!
Nine points for me.
What's happening with the cards?
- She's on a hot streak.
- She just got lucky.
Just got lucky. that's all. boss.
I got a nine!
- Eight points again!
- Nine points again!
Fuck!
I win again! Pay up!
Double eight for me!
You lose. Pay up.
- Double eight for me again!
- Double nine for me again!
Everybody. leave your cards on the table.
I want to see if this chick's cheating.
She's got nine points 15 times.
and I lost every round.
She's cleaned you out.
You understand?
Let's prove it this time.
If you get a nine this time.
you're definitely cheating. you bitch!
Let's see...
I've got clear eight again!
If you get nine points.
you'd better watch out!
You see. boss. she got four points.
Look!
I don't believe it.
She has hidden cards.
- I'll search her.
- Calm down. I'll handle it.
Frisk her. George.
- Are you hiding cards?
- Absolutely not.
- Let's see.
- Where?
In the pockets?
- Let me find them.
- It's OK.
C'mon. get lost! Go!
- No! Frisk her all over.
- I have. Go on. scram!
Bugger off!
Don't let me see you again! Bitch!
You bring bad luck. See. he lost.
Let's get back to it.
- Let's fleece these suckers.
- There's nobody left to fleece!
- She cleaned them out.
- Don't blame me.
We've got 8.000 baht in all.
3.000 baht for you. for college fees...
- What? Only 3.000?
- You don't need any more.
- Why's that all I get?
- Take it and don't spend it all.
- Give me another 1.000.
- No! 3.000's fine.
It's not enough to cover my college fees.
Filthy rich!
Not that shithead again.
Give me that.
- It's mine!
- It's a loan. Don't worry!
What a coincidence!
I was on my way over. Here's the money.
- Hey. that's mine!
- What?
There's 8.000.
The rest later.
Don't look so pissed off.
Screw the rest of the money.
You two ripped me off.
I hate that.
I can't fight all of you!
Ting!
I'm not fighting.
Rip me off. would you?
Who the fuck are you?
Stay out of this. dipshit!
I'll get you for this!
I owe you one. Ting.
I'll take you to find Ong-Bak.
Will you fight for me just once more?
Wait! Listen to me!
You saw the trouble I was in.
If I don't pay up. I'm dead.
Help me. Fight once more.
Last time. Please...
Lay off him.
So don't help me! Dimwit! Shithead!
Screw your stupid village.
Sending one guy against
a Burmese gang to recover Ong-Bak?
Crazy!
If Ong-Bak's so great.
why's he headless?
Just a bit of rock!
Why did you hit me?
- You're cousins. cut it out!
- He hit me!
Forget it.
Look who's come for you!
Peng!
One beating not enough?
You're a glutton for punishment.
I get the picture.
Listen. George.
You know what you have to do. right?
Muay. you know what you have to do.
Fend for yourself!
Hey. wait for me!
Get them!
Follow him.
The rest with me.
You!
I'm outta here!
Hey. out of my way!
How does he do that?
My ass! How did I do that?
Definitely not my lucky day!
Lend me your knife.
Come on!
I'll skin you alive! Wanker!
Knives... Knives...
Knives for sale!
CRUSHED CHILLIS
CURRY PASTE
Catch them and kill them!
Ting! Help me!
No! You're scum. just like Don.
I know where to find him.
I'll take you there.
I know his hangouts.
I've seen Don selling drugs here.
If you don't believe me. ask Muay.
Anyway. today...
Shit! Where...
He's here. boss.
If I arrange for the boxer
to fight Big Bear. are you in?
Could be.
What are the stakes?
Welcome to the champion.
Ting the Pradu Legend!
- What's going on?
- Big Bear's goading Ting.
Come on. I'll fight with you.
I'll teach you Muay Thai. Come on!
Come on!
- Have you seen Don?
- No.
But I see a Thai getting beaten up.
You're a coward.
You just going to watch?
If you don't help him. he's dead.
Ting!
What kind of a person are you!
Help him or I won't help you find Ong-Bak.
You can discuss it later.
but that guy needs help now!
Come on! Five to one!
I'll give you two to one.
What do you think?
OK. I bet three million.
Batha Loop Pak. (Great Kick.)
Hanuman Kham Loka.
(Great Monkey Crossing World.)
If he wins. give me the prize money.
- Yes! I know that!
- Thanks. brother.
Way to go! You're the best!
Looks like you can't
get your capital back today.
The next fight. Ting the Pradu Legend
and Toshiro!
Well done!
Muay. where's the moneybag?
- What for?
- I'll only bet half of it.
- Sure?
- Trust me!
- Don't take the lot.
- Sure.
Another challenger?
This time. no odds.
Sure. Ten million on the table.
No problem!
Leave me alone!
Let go of me!
Help! Help me!
Why are you holding me?
You're the best. Ting!
I told you. Muay. we should have bet it all.
We'd be filthy rich!
Surprised. aren't you?
You stupid fuck! I'm fucking rich!
Muay. pick it up.
Let's call it a day.
You won't get your share back.
Pulped.
Ting. at this rate
we're going to make a fortune.
Fantastic!
Don!
The police have just arrived!
Follow them!
Out of the way!
C'mon. get in!
Wait! Stop!
I have to deliver this week.
Tell your guys to box up the goods.
And no fuck-ups. OK?
Yes. boss.
How do you know the hick?
Humlae. how are we going to find Don?
Eat first. Eat!
Don't worry. We'll find him.
Around here. everybody knows him.
Eat up!
Muay. come with me tomorrow.
We may have a way
to make some cash to spend.
No way.
I have an exam tomorrow.
Exam?
Stupid bitch. you never go to college.
How could you pass!
Are you screwing your teacher?
- Come again?
- Just kidding. a little joke.
You're a good student.
Great student. Eat! Eat up!
Thanks for agreeing to help
bring back Ong-Bak.
- It's OK.
- Your dad will be pleased.
George. you owe me three months' rent.
What's your excuse?
Give me another three days. OK?
I'll have your money then. Definitely.
You always say that.
I want it today or you're out!
- Take this ring instead.
- OK. then.
You have another week to pay up.
If you don't. you clear out
of my apartment. Get it?
"I want you to come home with Ting."
"Don't worry about bringing back money."
"Or about getting ordained.
Don't worry. I don't mind."
"Just come and visit us.
I'm thinking of you."
Why not?
I'm not as good as your ex?
Shit!
Fucking spoilt my mood!
Don...
I won't push your drugs any more.
Why not?
I want to kick it.
You want to kick it?
You want to clean up?
Here!
Think you can quit just like that?
If you think you can. go ahead.
Go right ahead!
Who the fuck...?
- Ting!
- Don't run away!
Ting!
You!
Ngek! Ngek!
- Where's Ong-Bak?
- I don't know.
- You took it.
- I said I don't know.
Ting!
Go! Go!
Ngek!
- What's happened. Don?
- Get that guy! Go!
Call an ambulance now.
Room 212. someone's dying!
Ting. come on! Get in.
You're fucking dead!
Christ! Why do you keep following me?
- Brake!
- Die!
Ting!
Ting. brake! Brake! Quick!
Get them! Go!
Make sure you check everything's OK.
No mistakes.
Most importantly. don't let in
anyone you don't know! Get it?
The fucker never gives up!
Get in!
Get in.
The police and the Heritage Department
have recovered many stolen antiques
hidden at this Chao Praya fish farm.
The hoard is said to be priceless.
Each piece is a national treasure...
The Heritage Department
will be in charge.
registering them as national treasures.
I told you to stay out of trouble.
Not to stick your nose in.
I didn't start it.
They were looking for Ong-Bak.
What is Ong-Bak?
You know. the Buddha's head
I brought you.
Shithead! Why did they want
to harass me?
I lost a ten-million bet
and now you screw up my business
with some Buddha's head!
BAMRUNGRAT HOSPITAL
I'm sorry. we couldn't save her.
Ngek... Ngek... Big sister!
Big sister!
Don't leave me!
- Who is she?
- Muay's sister.
Who's going to live with me?
Muay.
Take this. Ngek gave this to you.
"Muay's term fees."
I don't want it! I don't want anything!
I told you I didn't want it!
I don't want anything!
You have to stay with me!
Why did it have to happen like this?
Stay with me!
Don't be so sad. Muay.
Everyone has to die some day.
I'll be here for you.
What the...?
- Where are you taking us? I'm not going.
- Go! Quick!
Go! Go! Go!
You don't know
who you're messing with!
Uh... I know... nothing about it.
It's between Ting and Don.
Honest!
I don't know anything.
I know... you're looking for this head.
You're very persistent.
If you want.
I have a game we can play.
I saw Ong-Bak with my own eyes.
Just one rope fist fight
and he'll give him back.
And he'll release Muay.
What do you say?
What are you going to do?
I'll do anything you ask
to take Ong-Bak home to our village.
Even if it means it'll cost me my life.
BO XING HALL
THAI - MYANMAR BORDER
Why hold this fight on the border?
Just a change of scenery.
I wanted a rope fist fight.
Out here. if anyone dies.
it won't be a problem.
You hate the country boy so much
you want him dead?
If you're feeling lucky.
name the stakes.
You're sounding like a loser.
And now for the main event.
In the eastern corner.
Ting the Pradu Legend.
Ting is an up-and-coming fighter.
one to watch.
In the western corner.
a Burmese boxer: Sa-Ming Sibtid.
out to prove his country's worth.
The stage is set.
Bring it on. guys!
For Sa-Ming Sibtid. this is his first bout
after a long absence. He may be rusty.
Sa-Ming fixes Ting with a stare.
Ting kicks with the left.
Then right. then left again.
Misses with a roundhouse.
It's gonna be a very exciting match.
Both of them look up for it.
Ting! Ting!
Hey. if you want Ong-Bak.
come with me.
Your reward for getting country boy
to throw the fight.
Hey. respect the Buddha image!
I don't revere lumps of stone
like you. the country folks.
I have no faith in religion.
I only believe in myself.
You must respect me.
I am God.
I decide if you live or die.
Bastard! You double-crossed us!
You wanted Ting to lose and he threw
the fight. Now hand over Ong-Bak.
Motherfucker!
You promised me!
That shit hunk of rock
cost me 100 million baht.
Don't think
I'll ever give it back to him.
Remember. I am God.
Dispose of them
and meet me at the cave.
Kill them.
George!
Shithead! I told you to be discreet.
Hey! Quick!
You'll have the cops after us!
There! Get them!
Where's Ong-Bak?
Cave in E-Keng mountain...
- Hey. let me come with you.
- No.
I won't let anyone die for Ong-Bak.
If someone must. it will be me.
Damn you.
Ting... Ting...
Let me help you.
I never wanted it to turn out this way.
Forgive me. Let me do something
for Nong Pradu. Just once!
Let me start the bike for you. at least.
I'm Humlae of Nong Pradu village.
Don said that round the other side
of E-Keng mountain there's a cave.
You never give up. do you?
If you put your life on the line
for this tiny head.
what about this one?
Humlae. are you OK?
Go and rescue Ong-Bak.
Hurry!
Don't worry about me.
Get Ong-Bak. Now!
Hey. where are they running off to?
Carry on working on it.
Get the head.
Hey.
Be careful.
Don't let him win.
Ready. boss.
Good. Hoist it up.
You want it?
What if I smash it to pieces?
You like it. don't you?
Don't!
Humlae!
Humlae. are you OK?
Get hold of Ong-Bak...
and take him home.
George!
Why did it turn out like this?
- Can you hear me?
- Humlae!
Muay...
Study hard. get... the degree...
and find a good job.
Ting. tell my father...
I'm sorry. I won't be... ordained.
Why d'you say that?
We'll get you to the hospital. You'll be OK.
Humlae!
George! George!
You can't die!
You promised to take care of me!
Don't do this to me!
Don't fucking lie to me!
Don't lie! Don't fucking lie!
You promised me!
I don't have anybody.
No one's left.
Wake up now!
Why are you fucking doing this to me?
Don't do this to me!
George. you can't die!
Don't die!